# MHD Turbulence

## Overall Structure of the Field

- Cosmic ray and heat transport 
- Dynamo
- Angular momentum transport
- Cosmic ray acceleration
- Fast Reconnection
- Accretion disks
- Star formation



## Modern Theory of Magnetized Turbulence

### Navi-Stokes Equation

$$
\partial_t v = ( \vec{v} \cdot \nabla) \vec{v} + v \nabla^2 \vec{v}\\
Re=VL/v = (V^2/L)/(vV/L^2) = \tau_{diff}/\tau_{eddy}
$$

### Definition

- Reynolds number: $Re = VL/v$
- Nonlinear term: $v\nabla^2\vec{v}$
- Dissipation term: 
- laminar flow
- turbulent flow



### Scale of $Re$

Turbulent motion can be created on smaller scale $\rightarrow$Reynold number becomes not ignorable

Similar turbulent => similar Reynold number. 

High $Re$ is not able obtained by simulation. ( Why? Numerical effects / artifects )

- Astrophysical flow: $Re > 10^{10}$
- Numerical flow: $Re < 10^{4}$
- Jet: an effect of natural high $Re$. 



## Komogorov Theory (chaos, incompressible hydro turbulence)

(?) At large scale ($Re >> 1$), the _???_ will go down until 1
$$
\frac{V^2_l}{}\\
l_{cas} = l / V_l;
$$

$$
\frac{V^3_l}{l} = const,\\
V_l \approx l^{1/3}, \\
E(k) \approx k^{-\frac{5}{3}}
$$
$v_l$: Velocity at the scale $l$

Big law number $E(k) \approx k^{-\frac{5}{3}}$



## Statistical Theory

Spectrum: $E(k) \approx k^{-n}$

Correlation: $ <(v_1-v_2)> $



For turbulence that cascade is self-similar, injection and dissipation are important

$l_d = L \cdot Re^{3/4}$

$L_{ind}$



## Why $E \approx k^{-5/3} $

**GS95**: The classic paper 

Due to fast turbulent mag reconnection (AL & Vishniac 1999),  the eddies perpendicular to the local magnetic fill are Kolmogorov type. Thus, gradient taces the detailed structure of B fireld..

Mixing motion should be Kolmogorov. 

What is the frame fo  the edie? How to obtain the direction?



## Why no body understand it?

Magnetic field-line form a **knot** -> **They can not reconnect**.

If we cut the line, then we have the **magnetic reconnection**. Eddies will reconnect  connect with one overtime.

**Local System of reference** is essential : GS95 only valid in local system, and we can obtain "mean magnetic field" in the local magnetic field.



## Eddies are aligned with local magnetic field

**Reconnection Defussion**: 



## Alfven Theorem is violated in turbulent media

Violation of magnetic flux freezing due to reconnection diffusion is numerically

(experiemnt: field back tracing)



## How these ideas are related

**In diffuse media, VG is perp to MG**
$$
v_l \approx l_\perp^{1/3}, v_l/l \approx l_\perp{-2/3}
$$


- Velocity Centroid
- Velocity Chann el Gradients 

